# Object-detection
The project Which we are dealing is based on mainly object detection. Detecting the objects that are existing in the video and audio. The accuracy of determining these objects will be high and that is the main goal of the project. There is a significant difference in between the previous one and the existing one which we used. The previous methods of object detection were based on older techniques and they used some classifiers and other methods such as splitting the image into parts then extracting features and working. The latest methods have been developed to a lot of extent and now doing object detection is very easy and always accessible. Using classifiers to detect objects is old fashion. Object detection is now considered as regression.  The bounding boxes are generated around the thing and probabilities of class are named and labelled. A neural network is used to detect the objects at a time considering the entire image briefly and each part of it has a particular usage and function.  The labels are identified for a set of classes.  It is always optimizable always from any ending.  The architecture which we used is very speed and unified way. YOLO is used in our project. It is a latest algorithm that is used to detect the objects. There are many versions of it, and we used the latest YOLOV3 version.  Deep learning algorithms such as CNN, faster CNN and other were used. CNN stands for convolution neural network and it process the image into frames and gives better output. We did the object detection both for a video and an audio with high accuracy. Took a larger data set and lot of examples have been implemented. The code runs perfectly with no errors. Darknet is used to detect multiple objects
yolo and yoloDetection are the python files.
what is the video name which we give as input.
Computer Vision Final Document & CV Program Execution Instructions are the pdf docs that contain the information about execution steps.
